1.	Write a program in C# to display a message as follows: “Welcome to the world of C#”
2.	Write a program in C# to accept the name of the user as a command line argument and greet the user as:
	“Hi! username 
	Welcome to the world of C#”
3.	Write a program in C# to accept two numbers as command line argument and display all the numbers between the given two numbers.
4.	Accept a number from the user and display whether the given number is an odd number or even number.
5.	Write a program in C# to find the total number of odd and even numbers accepted from the user.
6.	Write a program in C# to display temperature in Celsius. Accept the temperature in Fahrenheit.
7.	A shopkeeper sells three products whose retail prices are as follows: Product 1, 22.5; product 2, 44.50; and product 3, 9.98. Write an application that reads a series of pairs of numbers as follows:
a)product number
b)quantity sold
and calculate the total price.
8.	Write a program to print the series: 0,1,4,9,16,.....625
9.	Write a program in C# to find the factorial of the given number.
10.	Write a program in C# to generate a Fibonacci series till 40.
11.	Write a program in C# to find the multiplication table of the given number till 20.
12.	Write a program to print the numbers divisible by 7 between 200 and 300.
13.	Write a program in C# to find the largest of the given three numbers. Accept the numbers from the users.
14.	Write a program in C# to find the smallest of five numbers accepted from the user.
15.	Write a program in C# to accept ten marks and display the following
a.	Total
b.	Average
c.	Minimum marks
d.	Maximum marks
e.	Display marks in ascending order
f.	Display marks in descending order
16.	Write a program in C# to accept a word from the user and display the length of it.
17.	Write a program in C# to accept a word from the user and display the reverse of it.
18.	Write a program in C# to accept two words from user and find out if they are same.
19.	Write a program in C# to accept a word and to find out whether the given word is a palindrome or not.
